[tabmenu]

[tab='Overview']

Hoah, Traveler!



Traveler aims to give an open world adjacent experience. Traders, flea market, stashes, hideouts, etc. are all locked behind different locations.



Currently, this mod basically breaks scav runs. Sometimes you won't have any exfils at all. I recommend not doing scav runs while using this mod.

(I use this mod to disable them entirely)



If you are familiar with my Forced Travel overhaul of Path To Tarkov by trap, this follows many of the same principles, but also has new features built in and (hopefully) less profile corruption issues.



Many of the systems below are configurable, if you don't like something check the config.

Also, I highly suggest creating a new profile before using this mod, or at LEAST backing your existing profile up first in case something goes wrong.



A profile backup system is included! Your profile.json file and also your Traveler profile folder will be saved to user/mods/Traveler/profiles/.profile backups/YourProfileNameAndIDHere/[time, date, etc here]. Up to 100 backups will be saved, happening at game start, raid start, and raid end (all configurable).



How it works:



Offraid Positions:

Your Offraid Position is essentially where you currently are. When you take an extract, your Offraid Position will update based on where that exfil leads to. It is saved in a profile folder the mod creates for you in user/mods/Traveler/profiles/YourProfileNameAndIDHere/statuses.json.



Note that your profile names MUST have only characters that are allowed to exist in folder names, i.e. no ":" or "/". Your in game name does not matter, however.



Raid Infiltrations and Exfiltrations:

When you load into a raid, you will always spawn where you are supposed to be. For example, if you are at Customs Warehouse 17, and load into Customs, you will spawn right outside Warehouse 17.



All Exfiltrations that are currently used in the map (via the config) will always be available. No more random infils and exfils, plan routes through the different maps to accomplish whatever goals you have!



Home can be accessed via Customs Warehouse 17. You can also take the car extract on Lighthouse for 150k rub as a 1 way ticket home, or head to Klimov Street on Streets as a remote home stash access point (does not give access to home traders or hideout).



Checkpoint System:

If at any time you die in raid, you will respawn back at home (Customs Warehouse 17 by default). However, if you buy a Marked Letter from Therapist, you can utilize checkpoints. All traders by default are at checkpoint locations.



Your last visited checkpoint will be stored in your profile's statuses.json file. If, at the time of death, you have a Marked Letter equipped in one of your special slots (it HAS to be in a special slot) then you will respawn at your last visited checkpoint location instead and your Marked Letter will lose 1 durability (configurable). Carrying the letter in your secured container, or in any inventory space that isn't a special slot, will cause it to be inactive. This allows you to decide whether you want to respawn at home on death, or at the last trader you visited on the fly while in raid.



Note: If your checkpoint is Home, the Marked Letter won't lose any durability upon death (since you'd respawn there anyway).



Marked Letter in a special slot:





Traders:

(this entire system can be disabled in the config)

Traders will be locked unless the location you are at gives access to them (can be disabled in config). This includes any services they provide like post raid healing and weapon/ armor repair. Get access to the traders from these locations:

Trader locations:



Customs, S.E. Mil Base CP: Prapor
Customs, Warehouse 17: Therapist
Woods, Northern Bunker (Scav Bunker): Jaeger
Streets, Ruined House: Mechanic
Interchange, Survival Camp (Scav Camp): Ragman
Shoreline, Admin Basement: Skier
Reserve, Depot Hermetic: Peacekeeper
Everywhere: Fence
All base game trader locations (except Home): Flea
Fence is the ONLY trader usable when you are at a location that has no stash, or in other words is a path through maps but not a destination.
You need to also be level 10 for the flea to be unlocked (configurable). If the unlock level shows as 420, the location you are at has no flea access.


All of these locations are dead end locations, meaning they don't lead anywhere. You will only be able to infil back into the same map they are on.



Stashes:

(this entire system can be disabled in the config)

Only traders and a select couple other locations have permanent stashes, you will have to carry your things through multiple extracts in most cases before you have the opportunity to store them. Each stash is unique, meaning you can only access the items in the stash that you are currently at. If the stash has an 8x8 size, it is NOT permanent. It is only there to allow you to trade with Fence, any items left in it will be deleted if you enter a raid or close your game.

Stash locations:



Home Stash: Customs Warehouse 17
At each base game trader (these stashes have a static size that is fairly small)
ZB-013 on Customs (this stash's size will be the same as your home stash and will upgrade as you upgrade the stash hideout station)
Saferoom on Interchange (this stash's size will be the same as your home stash and will upgrade as you upgrade the stash hideout station)


Temporary stashes look like this:





Hideouts:

(this entire system can be disabled in the config)

Similar to stashes, hideouts are unique and exist only in specific places. Each station's level, any existing crafts or productions, etc. are ALL unique. This means you can have multiple crafts running at once, multiple bitcoin farms, etc. You will just have to travel to access them all.



By default, each hideout has all hideout stations except the Stash station enabled. This could be rebalanced later.



Locations with hideouts:



Home Hideout: Customs Warehouse 17
At each base game trader
ZB-013 on Customs
Saferoom on Interchange



Other Supportive Features:



Exiting a raid will give all the items you are carrying Found In Raid status. This happens even if you die.
Items bought from flea or traders will be fir
Out of raid regen
Health: Only available at home
Hydration and Energy: Only at locations with a base game trader
Exfil tool tips
When in raid, checking your available exfils will show where they lead, if any traders are there, etc. in parenthesis.


Modded Traders:

If you want to add a modded trader that you don't see here, it is fairly simple to do so. Just take a look at the trader section in the config.



Broker: Customs, ZB-013

Goblin King: Interchange, Saferoom

Tupitsa: (DRIP trader): Streets, Ruined Apartment



let me know if you have any clever ideas on where to add some more modded traders!



Source code for PTTExtracts.dll plugin



If you'd like to support my work, you can buy me a coffee![/tab]



[tabmenu]

[tab='Map']Map Pathing:

These map paths are designed to be balanced around traveling through maps to get to your traders and stashes. You will only ever have access to TWO maps at a time, and all one ways force you to infil on the map they lead to.




Green lines: Two Way Path

Extracting from either end of this path allows access to both maps' infil locations the path is connected to.



Red lines: One Way Path

Extracting into a One Way Path ONLY allows infil at the map's infil location the red arrow is pointing to.


Orange lines: Alternative to Two Way Path

Extracting into an Alternative to Two Way Path gives access to the Two Way Path the orange arrow is pointing to.
Infilling to the location of the Alternative to Two Way Path can ONLY occur if you just extracted from that same location. Taking a Two Way Path extract won't ever lead to an Alternative to Two Way Path's location, but will lead to where the green path is pointing to instead.
Example: If you extract from Power Station on Interchange, and then re-enter Interchange, you will spawn at Power Station. However, if you extract from Underpass on Streets and then enter Interchange, you will always spawn at Emercom.



Yellow circled extracts: Trader Extractions

These indicate that they are Trader Extractions that give access to that map's trader, stash and hideout.


Pink circled extracts: Fence's Remote Home Access

These extractions give access to your Home Stash, or travel you there. (thanks Fence, you my main home dawg for offering such a neato service)


Purple circled extracts: Extra storage/ Modded Traders

These extractions give to stashes that's size syncs with your home stash's size, Goblin King and Broker!


Franch Dressing's open world map (a MUCH higher res version is included in the mod download):





MAP (a higher res version of this map is included in the mod download):

[/tab]



[tabmenu]

[tab='Install/ Uninstall']To INSTALL:

Download the mod.
Extract the contents of the mod to the root folder of your SPT install.
You should end up with PTTExtracts.dll in your BepInEx/plugins folder, and the Traveler mod folder in user/mods.
:!: Make sure that the folder that ends up in your user/mods folder is named 'Traveler'. If it is 'Jehree-Traveler-1.0.0' or something other than 'Traveler', you installed the mod incorrectly. :!:


To UNINSTALL:

Set "uninstall" to true in the Traveler/config/config.json file.
Load the game once, all the way to the menu. Check and make sure your main stash is loaded and all traders are unlocked.
Close the game via the Exit button (don't force close it).
Delete both the Traveler folder in user/mods and also the PTTExtracts.dll in BepInEx/plugins.
NOTE: Only your HOME stash and hideout will be saved after uninstall.
[/tab]



[tabmenu]

[tab='Credits']

At its core, this mod is a rewrite of Path To Tarkov by trap. MOST of the credit should go to him for the original idea. Without his mod as inspiration and a piece of study material for me, this mod likely wouldn't exist at all.



More thanks:
Fontaine, for creating the PTTExtracts.dll plugin being utilized in this mod, and also helping me test this mod pre-release



kiki for letting me incorporate his MarkFIR mod into Traveler



Slum_King, for doing loads of testing for me and giving great feedback



The MILF modding group, for being a super friendly sounding board as I developed this mod and annoyed them all with the progress!

Ari, Collete, Raccoon, Svbtext, Mx3, Tyrian, and the rest of those peeps![/tab]


[/tabmenu]